installation-guide: Fix public warning recommendation (#5513)
rotki/rotki: docs/installation_guide.rst

Using docker over a public network
----------------------------------

> Since rotki was designed to run over a private network it is :ref:`generally advised <docker warning>` to avoid

Reviewer: Hahaha someone forgot to put the **not** there.

Thanks for noticing!

Can you perhaps change it to just have a not? I know it's kind of the same thing, but I would prefer it as a wording.

```suggestion
Since rotki was not designed to run over a public network it is :ref:`generally advised <docker warning>` to avoid
```

Author: Updated!
